---
layout: post
title: My sketches
categories: Happy
---

A wonderful journey.

This is not something I imagined myself doing. However one day I began
this adventure and it turned out to be amazing.

## First commit

![my-sketches-1](/assets/img/my-sketches-1.jpg)

This is the first portrait I drew. I took a picture of Marion Cotillard
from the internet and scribbled the outline with an HB pencil until it
felt like a human face. It took about 12 hours but I was very proud of
my creation.

I learned to draw outline of a face. I now also knew how to start a
portrait.

## The witch

![my-sketches-2](/assets/img/my-sketches-2.jpg)

The following day I was watching Marvel's Civil War. This is a still
from the airport fight scene. Feeling determined from the previous work,
I attempted to draw the Scarlet Witch. Since I was more focused on
adding contrast, so paid little attention to the outline. Sorry, Miss
Olsen!

I learned to shade and add contrast.

## Spring

![my-sketches-3](/assets/img/my-sketches-3.jpg)

This is a friend. As I began drawing this, I realized it wasn't going to
be an easy one. The proportions and accessories added some friction.
Nevertheless, I did finish it and the result was admired.

I learned to do shadows and a litte bit of depth.

## That famous actress

![my-sketches-4](/assets/img/my-sketches-4.jpg)

I chose this picture beacuse I wanted to draw hands. Never knew it would
be so challenging. The fingers and hands alone took me 3 days. However,
by the end I got quite comfortable with shading. This is Kirsten Dunst.

I learned to draw eyes and hands.

## Happy

![my-sketches-5](/assets/img/my-sketches-5.jpg)

This is another friend. I drew this as her secret santa gift. Took me a
tight deadline of 3 days to complete. She was happy to receive this, so
it was good. This work is extremely close to me because of how beautiful
her smile is.

I learned to draw eyes and lips.

## Breeze

![my-sketches-6](/assets/img/my-sketches-6.jpg)

This is another good friend. It took the most time of about 35 hours
over a period of 3 months to complete. Since this is a side profile, a
lot of effort (90%) was spent on proportions. Accessories and ears took
the other 90%. Adding depth to hairs brought the whole thing to life.
This was also received with appreciation.

I learned to draw hair, ears and accessories.
